add barcamp call (#210)
OCR-D/ocrd-website: site/en/_posts/2021-04-26-barcamp.md

---
layout: post
lang: en
lang-ref: barcamp
title: "OCR(-D) & Co starting in May"
tags: [open call, phase 3, community]
author: Elisabeth Engl
---

> On 7 May 2021 will be the inaugural session of our new barcamp-like montly event **OCR(-D) & Co**. 

Author: ```suggestion
On 7 May 2021 will be the inaugural session of our new barcamp-like monthly event **OCR(-D) & Co**. 
```

> On 7 May 2021, OCR(-D) & Co will start, to which OCR-D invites everybody interested. At the open meeting in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On 7 May 2021, **OCR(-D) & Co** will start, to which OCR-D invites everybody interested. At the open meeting in the
```

> On 7 May 2021, OCR(-D) & Co will start, to which OCR-D invites everybody interested. At the open meeting in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On 7 May 2021 will be the inaugural session of our new barcamp-like montly event **OCR(-D) & Co**. 
```

barcamp format, developers, users and all other interested persons will be will be given the opportunity to talk
about OCR(-D).

> OCR(-D) & Co will take place every first Friday of the month from May onwards at 10-11 am in a [BBB room](https://meet.gwdg.de/b/kon-v6q-azq-3el).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCR(-D) & Co will take place every first Friday of the month from May 7 onwards at 10-11 am CET in a [BBB room](https://meet.gwdg.de/b/kon-v6q-azq-3el).
```

At the beginning of each meeting, participants have the opportunity to suggest topics of interest, which can then

> be discussed and debated in small groups. In addition to the [open TechCall](https://hackmd.io/OOMgg3ZeSqK4vfKL1wRbwQ?view),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be discussed by small groups in breakout rooms. In addition to the [open TechCall](https://hackmd.io/OOMgg3ZeSqK4vfKL1wRbwQ?view),
```

> where the OCR-D community discusses technical topics every second Wednesday, OCR(-D) & Co also offers participants without in-depth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the OCR-D community discusses technical topics every second Wednesday, **OCR(-D) & Co** also offers participants without in-depth
```
